                Rubik's Cube Representation
                ===========================

In this question, we will be writing one of the core components of a
database program for storing users' solutions to the Rubik's Cube
puzzle.

See this link for an online version of the Rubik's Cube puzzle:

  https://rubiks-cube-solver.com

The ultimate goal of the database is for users to be able to type in
the current setting of their Rubik's Cube, and look up whether anyone
else has submitted a solution for that particular setting.

There are two main obstacles that need to be solved:

1) Rubik's Cubes are three-dimensional objects, and we don't know the
orientation in which the user happens to be holding the cube when
typing in their cube's setting.

2) A lot of Rubik's Cubes don't come in standard colors,

  https://ruwix.com/pics/articles/rubiks-cube-sticker-mods.jpg

so the colors of the user's cube may not match the colors of the
cubes in the database.

We will solve this by first converting all Rubik's cube settings into
a "canonical form" before storing it or looking it up from the
database. The idea is that all "identical" Rubik's cube settings would
have the same "canonical form", and therefore can be easily used as a
key in the database.

Problem
=======

1) Design a datastructure for representing the setting of a Rubik's Cube. 

2) Design and implement the procedure for computing the canonical form
of this datastructure. Explain clearly how this procedure works, and
what is the canonical form that you have chosen.

   Explain how you've broken down this problem into smaller stages.

3) Show your computed canonical form for the 17280 cube settings in
'rubiks-example.txt'.

Example Text File
=================

We've attached a text file that shows an example of the canonical form
that our reference implementation uses.

We use a flattened textual representation of the cube to represent its
settings:

        Y Y R 
        G Y O 
        O R Y 
  W W W R W W O R W G B G 
  O G G B W R B O Y O B B 
  R G R O R B Y O B O W G 
        B G G 
        Y R W 
        B Y Y 

where the letters correspond to the colors:

  Y: Yellow
  R: Red
  G: Green
  O: Orange
  B: Blue
  W: White

In the text file are 17280 textual representations that all represent
the same Rubik's cube setting, but in different orientations and with
colors swapped. I.e. We started with a random Rubik's cube setting and
then viewed it from all sorts of different angles, and randomly
swapped all the blue squares with yellow squares, and all white
squares with green squares, etc. There are, in total, up to 17280
different ways the same Rubik's cube setting can be randomly permuted.
We consider these settings "identical" because changing the angle we
view the cube and shuffling colors around does not affect the steps we
need to take in order to solve it. Thus all of these settings have the
same canonical form.

The canonical form that is calculated by our reference implementation
is shown first, but you are free to design your own canonical form.
